OBSDOCS-556: Updating logging alerts docs (#65341)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/loki-rbac-permissions.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * logging/logging_alerts/custom-logging-alerts.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="loki-rbac-permissions_{context}"]
= Authorizing Loki rules RBAC permissions

> In logging 5.8 and later, the Cluster Logging Operator provides `alertingrule-editor-role` and `recordingrule-editor-role` cluster roles, which enable users to modify alerting and recording rules for the LokiStack.

Author: Wasn't sure about this, thank you for confirming!

> In logging 5.7 and later, the Cluster Logging Operator provides `alertingrule-editor-role` and `recordingrule-editor-role` cluster roles, which enable users to modify alerting and recording rules for the LokiStack.

Reviewer: I think we found out this week, that these roles do not actually exist. I had seen them in "Loki Operator" and assumed that they would be deployed using OLM, but this does not seem to be the case and never was.

@JoaoBraveCoding You did verify this yesterday, right?

I think, for now, the easiest solution would be to remove the paragraph about RBAC rules referencing the `alertingrule-editor-role` and `recordingrule-editor-role` until we have something better (maybe when the 5.8 release comes around).

Reviewer 2: Yup, I forgot to send an update here! Thanks for picking up my slack

Author: Commented out the paragraph - we can revisit post 5.8 if you wouldn't mind opening an issue for it in Jira.

You can authorize RBAC permissions for modifying rules by binding the required cluster roles to a username.

.Prerequisites

* The Cluster Logging Operator is installed in the `openshift-logging` namespace.
* You have administrator permissions.

.Procedure

* Bind the appropriate cluster roles to the user:
+
.Example binding command
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc adm policy add-cluster-role-to-user <cluster_role_name> -n <namespace> <username>

Reviewer 2: Not giving more permissions than what the user needs. Similar to how the monitoring team has in https://65341--docspreview.netlify.app/openshift-enterprise/latest/monitoring/enabling-monitoring-for-user-defined-projects#granting-user-permissions-using-the-cli_enabling-monitoring-for-user-defined-projects
```suggestion
$ oc adm policy add-role-to-user <cluster_role_name> -n <namespace> <username>
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * logging/logging_alerts/custom-logging-alerts.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="loki-rbac-permissions_{context}"]
= Authorizing Loki rules RBAC permissions

// May need to re-add this after 5.8 release - check with eng later
// In logging 5.7 and later, the Cluster Logging Operator provides `alertingrule-editor-role` and `recordingrule-editor-role` cluster roles, which enable users to modify alerting and recording rules for the LokiStack.

> You can authorize RBAC permissions for modifying rules by binding the required cluster roles to a username.

Reviewer 2: Just to clarify that as of now it's expected that they create their own set of ClusterRoles
```suggestion
To allow users to create and manage their own rules, a cluster admin needs to create a ClusterRole that will give the necessary RBAC permissions and then bind that role to the required usernames
```

Reviewer 2: Phrased slightly differently, feel free to pick the one you prefer the most :) 
```suggestion
Cluster admins can give RBAC permissions for users to create and manage their own rules by creating a ClusterRole's and then binding those roles to the required usernames.
```

Author: Sounds good. I'm also adding a link to https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/authentication/using-rbac.html in the additional resources, because I think this would be useful here?
